=head1 NAME

tpm - tiny password manager

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tpm> I<COMMAND> I<ENTRY>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

tpm is a tiny shell script which is heavily inspired and largely
compatible with pass(1). Just like pass it uses gpg2(1) to securely
store your passwords, the major difference between pass and tpm is that
the latter is a lot more minimal. Furthermore, tpm is written entirely
in POSIX shell.

Invoking tpm consists of specifying a command either I<insert> or
I<show> and supplying one entry as a target. If I<insert> is specified
as a command tpm will create a new entry and prompt for the
corresponding password. If you specify I<show> as a command tpm will
write the password for the given entry to standard output.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 4

=item B<PASSWORD_STORE_DIR>

The storage directory (default: ~/.password-store).

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item I<~/.password-store>

The default storage directory.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Create a new entry with a pseudo(!)random password using pipe orchestra:

	$ echo $(date | sha512sum | xxd -r -p | base64 -w 0 | tr -d '/+=' | cut -c 1-24)_- | tpm insert some-entry

Create a new entry called 'another-entry':

	$ tpm insert another-entry

Write your 'another-entry' password to standard output:

	$ tpm show another-entry

Copy your 'some-entry' password to the clipboard using pbcopy(1):

	$ tpm show some-entry | pbcopy
	
Remove your 'another-entry' password:

	$ tpm remove another-entry | pbcopy

=head1 SEE ALSO

gpg2(1), pass(1), pbcopy(1)
